This divorce agreement
Is fake
Wife dear
Why is that?
I just want to see if you still really love me
This divorce agreement is fake
Mr. Chen, didn't we agree?
This trash he
You can scold my husband too.
Dear
I know it's not good to hurt your feelings like this
I swear never again, okay?
Miss Su, you saw it too
The misunderstanding was cleared up.
There is no need to continue entangling
Is there something wrong with your brain?
Hello, since I have no fate with Li Xuan
Then forget it.
But I have one more thing to say to you
If you are divorced
Do you remember to tell me as soon as possible?
I will always wait for you to make a wish at the gate of the Civil Affairs Bureau
Don't worry, you'll never wait.
The colder you are, the more I like you
I will always wait for you at the gate of the Civil Affairs Bureau
Wife
You tore up 100 copies
I still have 1,000 copies left
Sign it.